3 Minute Introduction Video

My name is Johnny Vogt
I grew up traveling due to my father's occupation, so home seems to be relative to where I feel most at home. 
I Live in DFW, Specifically Lewisiville
I work for Raytheon as a Cyber Security Systems Engineer
Personal/Professional Passion: Integrity and Being Nice. Do the right thing and treat people with respect and you'll go far in life. Both professionally and Personally. 

Career/Academic Journey:
After high school, I joined the military 2012 and trained to be a Military Intelligence Systems Integrator in Arizona for a year. Which meant, I set up and fixed ALL of the MI Equipment for analsysts. I was in the military for 6 years, serving in multiple locations such as Poland, Germany, and South Korea. Even Domestically in Colorado and San Antonio. Throughout my military career, I got to travel the world and work with people from all over America. All of which gives me perspective and the ability to empathize. After the military, I took a job with Raytheon in 2018 and held two positions, one being a Infrastructure Engineer and transitioned to a Cyber Security Systems Engineer in 2023. Additionally Raytheon had sent me to multiple places for work, such as New Orleans, England, and Australia. 
Coincidentally, My academic career started in 2020, during the pandemic, when i felt inspired to make progress with my career and received a Bachelors in Cyber Security and Information Assurance with WGU. Which lead to my enrollment with SMU in 2025 for similar reasons in an effort to further develop my skillset. 

Short Term Goals:
Last semester, my self control and time management skill were awful, I plan on working on that for this semester
and for my 
Long Term Goals:
Finish this degree. Maybe leverage the degree to a better job. 

5-10 years:
Professionally, I don't mind what I'm doing, as long as I'm happy and still feel like I' thriving. 

Thank You for watching my Intro, I'm looking forward to the next semester and remember Integrity and Respect will take you far in life. 
Please feel free to add me on LinkedIn ~~~
